Improve the development guide by adding the requirement for resource allocation (#4059)
knative/serving: DEVELOPMENT.md

The value you use depends on
[your cluster setup](https://www.knative.dev/docs/install/): when using
Minikube or the Kubernetes under local Docker desktop, the user is your local user;
when using GKE, the user is your GCP user.

```shell
# For GCP
kubectl create clusterrolebinding cluster-admin-binding \
  --clusterrole=cluster-admin \
  --user=$(gcloud config get-value core/account)

# For minikube or Kubernetes under docker-desktop
kubectl create clusterrolebinding cluster-admin-binding \
  --clusterrole=cluster-admin \
  --user=$USER
```

### Resource allocation for Kubernetes

Please allocate sufficient resources for Kubernetes, no matter it is in GKE, Minikube, docker-desktop, etc.

> We recommend to allocate at least 8 CPUs and 8G memory.

Reviewer: I see that Istio recommends 8GB memory for Minikube ( https://istio.io/docs/setup/kubernetes/prepare/platform-setup/minikube/ ), but they recommend 4 CPUs. Did 8 CPUs come from trial-and-error? I would be interested to know if we could recommend lower here.

If you have any commands or docs you can link that shows how to allocate this on docker-desktop or minikube I am sure others would find that helpful.

Reviewer 2: I run on 6 CPUs on Docker for Mac. Haven‘t tried to push lower yet.

Author: @dgerd 4 CPUs worked fine with Istio, but it does not fit the controller, networking-certmanager, and networking-istio. I ended up with them stuck in pending, if 4 CPUs were allocated.
This is the requirement for ultimate Knative serving, not just Istio.
@markusthoemmes I tuned down to 6 CPUs as well. So far so good.  
So, 6 CPUs and 8G memory??

Author: @dgerd 4 CPUs worked fine with Istio, but it does not fit the controller, networking-certmanager, and networking-istio. I ended up with them stuck in pending, if 4 CPUs were allocated.
This is the requirement for ultimate Knative serving, not just Istio.
@markusthoemmes I tuned down to 6 CPUs as well. So far so good.
So, 6 CPUs and 8G memory sound good??

The value you use depends on
[your cluster setup](https://www.knative.dev/docs/install/): when using

> Minikube or the Kubernetes under local Docker desktop, the user is your local user;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Minikube or Kubernetes on Docker Desktop, the user is your local user;
```

Author: Done. Thanks.

when using GKE, the user is your GCP user.

```shell
# For GCP
kubectl create clusterrolebinding cluster-admin-binding \
  --clusterrole=cluster-admin \
  --user=$(gcloud config get-value core/account)

> # For minikube or Kubernetes under docker-desktop

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# For minikube or Kubernetes on Docker Desktop
```

Author: Done. Thanks.

kubectl create clusterrolebinding cluster-admin-binding \
  --clusterrole=cluster-admin \
  --user=$USER
```

### Resource allocation for Kubernetes

Please allocate sufficient resources for Kubernetes, especially when you run a Kubernetes cluster on your local machine.

> We recommend to allocate at least 6 CPUs and 8G memory for your Kubernetes provisioned with one node. Please go back

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We recommend allocating at least 6 CPUs and 8G memory assuming a single node Kubernetes installation. Please go back
```

Author: Done. Thanks.

The value you use depends on
[your cluster setup](https://www.knative.dev/docs/install/): when using
Minikube or Kubernetes on Docker Desktop, the user is your local user;
when using GKE, the user is your GCP user.

```shell
# For GCP
kubectl create clusterrolebinding cluster-admin-binding \
  --clusterrole=cluster-admin \
  --user=$(gcloud config get-value core/account)

# For minikube or Kubernetes on Docker Desktop
kubectl create clusterrolebinding cluster-admin-binding \
  --clusterrole=cluster-admin \
  --user=$USER
```

### Resource allocation for Kubernetes

> Please allocate sufficient resources for Kubernetes, especially when you run a Kubernetes cluster on your local machine. 

Reviewer 3: <!--whitespace-bot-->
```suggestion
Please allocate sufficient resources for Kubernetes, especially when you run a Kubernetes cluster on your local machine.
```

> Please allocate sufficient resources for Kubernetes, especially when you run a Kubernetes cluster on your local machine. 

Reviewer 3: <!--whitespace-bot-->
```suggestion
Please allocate sufficient resources for Kubernetes, especially when you run a Kubernetes cluster on your local machine.
```

The value you use depends on
[your cluster setup](https://www.knative.dev/docs/install/): when using
Minikube or the Kubernetes under local Docker desktop, the user is your local user;
when using GKE, the user is your GCP user.

```shell
# For GCP
kubectl create clusterrolebinding cluster-admin-binding \
  --clusterrole=cluster-admin \
  --user=$(gcloud config get-value core/account)

# For minikube or Kubernetes under docker-desktop
kubectl create clusterrolebinding cluster-admin-binding \
  --clusterrole=cluster-admin \
  --user=$USER
```

### Resource allocation for Kubernetes

> Please allocate sufficient resources for Kubernetes, especially when you run a Kubernetes cluster on your local machine.

Reviewer: So I like this paragraph as the resource requirements could be easy to miss especially if you had already setup your cluster (locally or not). However, the "For ..." sections below this feel like a repeat of https://github.com/knative/serving/blob/master/DEVELOPMENT.md#create-a-cluster-and-a-repo. 

I would rather see us link to the section above in the DEVELOPMENT document or link to the base install page https://knative.dev/docs/install/ where all the options are enumerated. 

Also FYI `knative.dev` is the website version of `github.com/knative/docs`. We should prefer to link to the website over the repository for ease of navigation and reading.

Author: Thx. Done.

The value you use depends on
[your cluster setup](https://www.knative.dev/docs/install/): when using
Minikube or the Kubernetes under local Docker desktop, the user is your local user;
when using GKE, the user is your GCP user.

```shell
# For GCP
kubectl create clusterrolebinding cluster-admin-binding \
  --clusterrole=cluster-admin \
  --user=$(gcloud config get-value core/account)

# For minikube or Kubernetes under docker-desktop
kubectl create clusterrolebinding cluster-admin-binding \
  --clusterrole=cluster-admin \
  --user=$USER
```

> ### Resource allocation for Kubernetes

Reviewer 4: Shouldn't this be covered by the cluster provisioning logic, which I believe lives in `knative/docs`?

Author: @mattmoor, where is the cluster provisioning logic? Do you have a link? If we need to change knative/docs, where should we change? If knative/docs has described how to allocate the resources, we need to at least add the reference link here, to avoid future confusions.

Author: @mattmoor, where is the cluster provisioning logic? Do you have a link? If we need to change knative/docs, where should we change? If knative/docs has described how to allocate the resources, we need to at least add the reference link here, to avoid future confusions.

Reviewer: I believe Matt is referring to [docs/install/Knative-with-Docker-for-Mac](https://github.com/knative/docs/blob/master/docs/install/Knative-with-Docker-for-Mac.md) and [docs/install/Knative-with-Minikube](https://github.com/knative/docs/blob/master/docs/install/Knative-with-Minikube.md) guides which are linked from "Set up a kubernetes cluster".

It looks like both of them suggest 4 vCPU / 8 GB memory which sounds like it is no longer sufficient, and it seems like they are likely not obvious enough to find during setup.

Author: Right. We have to increase at least for now the number CPUs. I can change the doc there according. Meanwhile, add a reference link here, so folks won't miss it.

Author: Updated.

  clusteringress.class: "istio.ingress.networking.knative.dev"
```

> You need to set "istio.sidecar.includeOutboundIPRanges" into "*", when you use Minikube or Docker-desktop as

Reviewer: `*` should be the default setting. I don't think anything should be necessary?

Author: Are you suggesting removing this line, or saying keep the default setting for Minikube and Docker-desktop.

I can try "You should keep the default setting "*" for "istio.sidecar.includeOutboundIPRanges", when ...".

  clusteringress.class: "istio.ingress.networking.knative.dev"
```

You should keep the default value for "istio.sidecar.includeOutboundIPRanges", when you use Minikube or

> Docker-desktop as the Kubernetes environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Docker Desktop as the Kubernetes environment.
```

Author: Done. Thanks.

  clusteringress.class: "istio.ingress.networking.knative.dev"
```

> You should keep the default value "*" for "istio.sidecar.includeOutboundIPRanges", when you use Minikube or

Reviewer 5: you might need to escape the `*` otherwise the rest of the line./file is in italics, at least when viewed in github/md

Author: yep, interesting.
